Resolves zoitech/terraform-aws-network#31 (#32)
zoitech/terraform-aws-network: changelog.md

## 1.1.0

NEW FEATURES:
* Support for dynamic subnet creation. Due to: [#31](https://github.com/zoitech/terraform-aws-network/issues/31)

> * Support for multiple subnets cration in the same availability zone. Due to: [#31](https://github.com/zoitech/terraform-aws-network/issues/31)

Reviewer: @emnavarro02 
```suggestion
* Support for multiple subnet creations in the same availability zone. Due to: [#31](https://github.com/zoitech/terraform-aws-network/issues/31)
```
